I gotta help Wendy like a codfish that
Riku running off with that girl without
even saying goodbye re run off where
Joey where'd he go to the ruins of
hollow bastion where maleficent's
resides but you won't be going there
unless you intend to lead a little pixie
friend behind
and over the Keyblade and I'll spare
your lives glad I'm merciful unlike the
heart was so soon which will it be the
Keyblade or the plank this is the
die oh they took me home Oh Steve he's
asked on the other hand I can't stay
here go away oh I can't stand the sight
of him me you take care of them
why sora just believe and you can do it
thanks Peter hey don't mention you
didn't think I'd leave you and tink
behind did you
is that use me did you finish them off
hi captain they won't degrade every last
one of them repeat the pleasure Oh ready
to make a splash you caught fish now
it's your turn to walk the plank
Oh Kyrie couldn't wake up so maybe she's
really lost her Sora I still can't
believe it
you're really flew wait till I tell
Kyrie I wonder if she'll believe me
probably not you can bring her to
Neverland sometime then she can try it
herself if you believe you can do
anything right I'll find Kyrie I know I
will there's so much I want to tell her
about flying the Pirates and everything
else is happening what's that tank what
about the clock tower you say there's
something there
it was reckless to bring her here
without at least using a vessel remember
relying too heavily on the doctor could
cost you your heart
a castaway
though his world perished his heart did
know
when we took the princess from his
castle he apparently followed her here
to sheer force of will but fear not no
harm will come to he is no match for
your power for power is the untapped
power that lies within you now it's time
your awakens that power and realize your
full potential
Peter are you really going back to
Neverland afraid so but we can see each
other anytime as long as you don't
forget about never land that is
oh boy she's getting steamed again do me
a favor look after her for me willya
what